everybody is playing from look like make
this hard hey I'm gonna be doing a video
I get a lot of viewers and a lot of
people like a lot of my friends a lot of
Tears I'm asking you about my care um
thank you Cassie pretty shiny pretty
long and it's pretty
healthy-looking right I bet my schooling
healthy shine again make it a lot of the
glass can we probably do it um I usually
you guys cuz I like bit like
this hell but I'm today I myself and
there's this serum that I got from the
block a while ago if you just watched my
eighth most my tag aight video i think i
mentioned it in it but I'm it's a hair
serum by herstyler call them vitamin e
her style hair serum comes like this it
comes in a nifty box but i'm not going
to grab the nifty box right now anyways
um i got this at a high cooled down
price of a whole twenty dollars over at
the block of orange if you guys live in
than a Southern California um just
probably stocks out there I don't live
anywhere near nothing i just happened to
be in the area so sucks for you I didn't
just give away where I live anyways um
for them you get order this online on
amazon you can also get this at the
block of orange you could also just
google it and buy it from their website
but it's like eighty dollars so don't do
that get it from amazon and go to the
block like i said i got this for twenty
dollars and if you pay anything over 50
for it you're getting ripped off so make
sure you're like i said if you get this
either online or the block a warrant and
this hair serum on the back of it it
says get soft glossy hair in seconds
with this light longer to serum and then
it says to put a small amount on damp
hair before styling for both mix shine
and soft
and you can also put it on after you're
done putting like okay okay some levees
let me go back from it put on your damp
hair and then use your heating tools or
whatever this on this serum also helps
so like your hair doesn't get burned out
by your blow dryer or you're uh you're
on parrot straightener ah it was work
earlier so you put this on like about a
dime amount goes on for one full half
and then the other half so like two
dimes worth reach off your hair I always
section lines and then do it after you
are straightening it or doing whatever
with it you can put it on again over
just to like get it shiny and glossy
like for like a finish and also there's
like you know just doing that like to
get those um highways and I'm anime
tonight anyways um this is my part of
the greatest product I've ever invested
money in um I'm so happy this chick got
me to buy this fish and she's really
cute cute girl by the way really really
nice and I'm mmm how many times I said
and um in this video and maybe you'll
get a prize if you get it right maybe
and vitamin E herstyler hair serum I'm
in this bottle it's not greasy and its
water based and it's fun if you like
greasy be like not greasy water-based
things that are fun